For 2.0, those Linking actions should be supported:

1. Dependency link, TobiX-style.

 BASE is dependent on TARGET.

 ...when the link is set up, BASE will become stalled if it's open.
 ...when the TARGET is resolved, BASE will be reopened if it's stalled.
 
 I need a subclass of Dependency that can link into Bugzilla.

 Dependency links should be made when we can't do more work on one ticket
 before another ticket is resolved.

 Dependency links are usually 1:1, but n:n-links makes sense.  Loops doesn't
 make sense at all, but the system won't break if it encounter loops.

 Dependency links is more for workflow than anything else.  When a new
 TARGET is created, some of the work might be passed over to another
 department/person ... but _not_ the responsibility for the communication
 with the external requestor.

2. MemberOf link (grouping)

 BASE is a member of TARGET.

 ...when TARGET is beeing replied to, all BASE requestors should get the
 reply.
 ...when TARGET is resolved, all BASE tickets should be resolved (unless
 they have other unresolved Dependencies/MemberOf links).

 MemberOf should be used when BASE ticket states more or less the same as
 the TARGET ticket, and we do want to give a reply to all requestors, but we
 don't want to merge them (Individual tickets from individual external
 requestors should be respected as separate entities).  If the TARGET ticket
 is from an external requestor, or if more than one BASE ticket is linked to
 a TARGET ticket, we denote the TARGET ticket as a "Group ticket".  This is
 only a documentation definition, you won't find any references to "Group
 tickets" in the source.

 I think the proper etiquette should be to clearly state in a reply to a
 group ticket that the mail is going to several persons, and that the
 requestor should reply back if they feel their Ticket hasn't got the
 attention it deserves.  The user documentation should reflect this.

 MemberOf links can also be used to hand away the work flow. The person in
 charge of the TARGET ticket will also be in charge of the BASE tickets and
 the communication with the end user.

 If a work task needs to be splitted into two subtasks, MemberOf might be
 used.  According to the suggested behaviour, the parent worktask should
 eventually be the BASE and not the TARGET of the operation.  We do get a
 semantical problem here, as it's doesn't make sense to say that "Stabilize
 the mail server" is a Member Of "Buy more disk", "Upgrade (whatever MTA is
 beeing used)" and "install the latest Linux kernel".
 
 Links doesn't make sense at all, and it might break the reply stuff
 seriously if it's done recursively.  The status changes won't be affected
 anyway.


3. Merge link (connecting)

 BASE is the same as TARGET.

 ...the system should somehow merge together transactions for both tickets.
 ...BASE should be more or less deleted, only the TARGET should apply.
 ...actions done toward BASE should be redirected to TARGET.

 I think MergeLinks should be used when two tickets accidentally has comen
 up twice in the system, and there is no reason to keep the two tickets
 separately.  It might be that it's the same requestor (i.e. clicking the
 "send" button twice in a web environment) or that we don't care much about
 giving the requestor individual follow-up (typically "internal" requestors,
 etc.)
 
 
4. No Action link (linking)

 BASE is somewhat related to TARGET

 No special actions will be taken.
 
 Loops might maybe make sense.


For 2.1, it should be very easy to set up site-specific link action types.
We should also consider to include more linking actions in the box.


An example stolen from John Rouillard.  Eventually the [comments] should be
removed, and the text modified to fit the planned 2.0 link actions:

  ticket  problem
    1         can't connect to hosts with netscape
    2         ping is broken
    3         Can't send email: error no space on spool/mqueue
	  
  You have the above in the queue. You realize that DNS is down. Spawn
  a ticket
	  
    4         DNS is down

  mergelink 1 and 2 to it [I would rather say "make a MemberOf link _or_ a
  dependency link from 1 and 2 to 4" --TobiX] (if you choose to stall 1 and
  2 automatically feel free, its just a shell script change) [well, you
  might choose dependency instead of MemberOf --TobiX]. The person working
  on 3 has come to the conclusion that outgoing mail is backing up because
  of the DNS failure. She has cleared space by copying the mail queue to
  another disk, but can't really get email working till DNS is up. So she
  does a tobiaslink [a Dependency link as described above :) --TobiX] to
  ticket 4 stalling ticket 3.

  We finally get DNS working and resolve ticket 3. What happens?  Tickets 1
  and 2 are resolved and email is sent to requestors notifying them of the
  resolution [This is the default behaviour for 2.0 MemberOf-linked tickets.
  Remember that if we send Replies to "Group Tickets" (that is, the target
  of several "MemberOf" links) --TobiX]. Ticket 4 [should be 3? --TobiX] is
  reopened and the person working on it starts flushing the mail queue and
  the moved mailq by hand. 
