
  Administrative Duties
  
   What can I do as an RT administrator?
          
          You can add, delete, or modify users, queues, areas, and access
          levels.
          
   What can I change about a User?
          
          If you are an &RT& Admin, you are allowed to directly change
          other Users' setups. If you are not, you're only allowed to
          change your own.
          
          Usernames are unchangeable. If you've got to change it, you'll
          need to create a new user with the new name and give them the
          same permissions as you.
          
          You may change the email address associated with a User, their
          password, phone number, office designation, and "misc" field
          which can contain any information you'd like (full name,
          astrological sign, food allergies, etc.).
          
          You may also give them "RT Admin" privileges, which will let
          them do everything you can.
          
   What can I change about a Queue?
          
          the Mail Alias for a Queue, which is used in putting return
          addresses on mail sent out regarding a particular queue.
          
          the default Initial Priority for any Request started in the
          Queue.
          
          the defaul Final Priority for such Requests.
          
          Whether or not the Request Owner receives copies of every
          transactions associated with that Request.
          
     EX: Benny has taken charge of a large and thorny problem. While she
     is the official Owner, she has delegated some of the research
     necessary to solve the problem to other people. As they report
     their findings into the Request, Benny would like to see them. She
     checks the box marked "Mail request owner on transaction."
     
          Whether or not Queue Members receive copies of every
          transaction that happens in the Queue.
          
     EX: Kee, Brian, and Moira all have Manipulate access to the Queue
     "general," and all of them want to be kept appraised of what's
     going on with other Requests therein, even those owned by one of
     the other two people.
     
          Whether or not the Requestor will automatically receive any
          Transaction having to do with their Request.
          
          Whether or not &RT& will autoreply to someone who's just
          created a Request, acknoledging their Request and letting them
          know the Request Number.
          
          Whether or not Queue Correspondence (that is, Transactions
          specifically sent to the Requestor as well as added to the
          Request) gets mailed to every Queue Member.
          
          Whether or not Queue Comments (that is, Transactions meant to
          be added to a Request and not explicitly sent to the Requestor)
          get mailed to every Queue Member.
          
          Whether or not non-Queue Members are allowed to create
          Requests. Remember, someone with Display access is not
          considered a Queue Member.
          
     EX: Marc wants all of his users to be able to mail in Requests, but
     doesn't want to give them all Manipulate access to the Queue. By
     checking the "Allow Non-Queue Members to create Requests" checkbox,
     he allows them to create Requests, but leaves them all with only
     Display privileges in the Queue, so that they can look at the
     Requests without being able to screw them up.
     
          Area Control -- If you have Administrative access to the Queue,
          you may delete or create Areas within it.
          
          Access Control -- If you have Administrative access to the
          Queue, you may change other users' access levels within that
          Queue.
